ProjectProposal.md, before:

# Project Proposal: 
The following is the project proposal for CS375 Software Engineering with the group of the following: Izayah Carlton, Brain Jeffers, Evan Mai and Maia Mendoza. 
## Pitch 
In order to add to the options of music creation we will be creating a digital synthesizer. Currently, many physical synthesizers are expensive and are not guaranteed to have all the necessary features and are too inflexible to add to. In recent years there has been a need for people to have the tools play with and create music. 

We firmly believe that the ability to make music should be open and accessible to all. Through our own personal experience and our education here at Ursinus we have found music and independent music production to be an important part of our histories and our current lives. This project would contribute to the tradition of open and creative music making, allowing for more people to create new and exciting new music. 

### Stakeholders:
-muscians, create it to be accessble? 

## Scope

### Minimal Viable Product
Using the standard English keyboard, a user will be able to at least play the 12 notes of a western chromatic scale in equal temperament. Additionally, a user will be able to assign oscillation by imputing numbers. All of this will be configurable, either by customs numbers, or using a preset. Our preset will be based on common use cases, like tuning by fifths or fourths to better work with acoustic instruments, or maybe common arpeggios like pentatonic scales. 
All of this will be able to be both heard through a laptop, and recorded as a file to your computer. 

### Aspire scope: 
A pretty UI, different timber/instrument

## Technical Specs
Our current plan is to write the bulk of the code in python, which we are all capable of. Two of our group member have a musical background. 


## Time Line: 
- Initial Project Proposal - Feb 12th 
- Software Requirement - Feb 26th 
- Software Design Report - March 26th 
- Software Test Plan - April 16th
- Software Documentation - May 7th
- Final Presentation - May 12th???

## Time Comittment Estimations: 
- Reacuring 1 hour meetings outside of class once a week. 
- Keyboard 2-3 hours 
- configureabily via wave forms 2-3 hours
- presets 2-3 hours
- save and record feature 3-4 hours

Commit message:

Izayah's contributions
Updated Group Roles
Updated Stakeholders to incudel how we get feedback from the stake holders
 - Izayah's contribution.

ProjectProposal.md, after:

# Project Proposal: 
The following is the project proposal for CS375 Software Engineering with the group of the following: Izayah Carlton, Brain Jeffers, Evan Mai and Maia Mendoza. 
## Pitch 
In order to add to the options of music creation we will be creating a digital synthesizer. Currently, many physical synthesizers are expensive and are not guaranteed to have all the necessary features and are too inflexible to add to. In recent years there has been a need for people to have the tools play with and create music. 

We firmly believe that the ability to make music should be open and accessible to all. Through our own personal experience and our education here at Ursinus we have found music and independent music production to be an important part of our histories and our current lives. This project would contribute to the tradition of open and creative music making, allowing for more people to create new and exciting new music. 

### Stakeholders:

Stakeholders - Musicians, They will shape our project based on the need for it to be as accessible as possible to them specifically

## Scope

### Minimal Viable Product
Using the standard English keyboard, a user will be able to at least play the 12 notes of a western chromatic scale in equal temperament. Additionally, a user will be able to assign oscillation by imputing numbers. All of this will be configurable, either by customs numbers, or using a preset. Our preset will be based on common use cases, like tuning by fifths or fourths to better work with acoustic instruments, or maybe common arpeggios like pentatonic scales. 
All of this will be able to be both heard through a laptop, and recorded as a file to your computer. 

### Aspire scope: 
A pretty UI, different timber/instrument

## Technical Specs
Our current plan is to write the bulk of the code in python, which we are all capable of. Two of our group member have a musical background. 

## Group Roles: 
Maia - Project Lead

Brian - Document Lead

Izayah - Scrum lead

Evan - Code Lead


## Time Line: 
- Initial Project Proposal - Feb 12th 
- Software Requirement - Feb 26th 
- Software Design Report - March 26th 
- Software Test Plan - April 16th
- Software Documentation - May 7th
- Final Presentation - May 12th???

## Time Comittment Estimations: 
- Sprints are on a weekly basis
- Reacuring 1 hour meetings outside of class once a week. 
- Keyboard 2-3 hours 
- configureabily via wave forms 2-3 hours
- presets 2-3 hours
- save and record feature 3-4 hours
